this is strictly in 60-seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute
week nine it was a dramatic week where
the contestants and presenters were hit
by disaster Brucie missed his first
Strictly ever but standings Claudia
Winkleman and Ronnie Corbett did
impressed
Jay Johnson missed the competition as
the pots need took her out of the
running
injured Layla's brave but pain filled
attempts at dancing letter unable to
finish and bottom of the judges
leaderboard but there was light at the
end of the tunnel for some as crisp as
his own drama to the paso doble and
Natalie continued to improve
I found that elegant composed you is a
beautiful Foxtrot ending up just one
point behind joint leaders Aly and Ricky
whistle-stop fighting for survival this
week was Ricky groves and filter flaws
look away now if you don't want to know
who left
and it was the cats he was called all
out by the judges will we get a clean
bill of health for next week strictly
tune in to find out